CHAP - Chapter
CTOC - Table of contents
TALB - Album
TBPM - Beats per minute
TCOM - Composer
TCON - Content type (Genre)

    ID3 has several ways genres can be represented; for convenience,
    use the 'genres' property rather than the 'text' attribute.
    
TCOP - Copyright (c)
TCMP - iTunes Compilation Flag
TDAT - Date of recording (DDMM)
TDEN - Encoding Time
TDES - iTunes Podcast Description
TKWD - iTunes Podcast Keywords
TCAT - iTunes Podcast Category
MVNM - iTunes Movement Name
MVIN - iTunes Movement Number/Count
GRP1 - iTunes Grouping
TDOR - Original Release Time
TDLY - Audio Delay (ms)
TDRC - Recording Time
TDRL - Release Time
TDTG - Tagging Time
TENC - Encoder
TEXT - Lyricist
TFLT - File type
TGID - iTunes Podcast Identifier
TIME - Time of recording (HHMM)
TIT1 - Content group description
TIT2 - Title
TIT3 - Subtitle/Description refinement
TKEY - Starting Key
TLAN - Audio Languages
TLEN - Audio Length (ms)
TMED - Source Media Type
TMOO - Mood
TOAL - Original Album
TOFN - Original Filename
TOLY - Original Lyricist
TOPE - Original Artist/Performer
TORY - Original Release Year
TOWN - Owner/Licensee
TPE1 - Lead Artist/Performer/Soloist/Group
TPE2 - Band/Orchestra/Accompaniment
TPE3 - Conductor
TPE4 - Interpreter/Remixer/Modifier
TPOS - Part of set
TPRO - Produced (P)
TPUB - Publisher
TRCK - Track Number
TRDA - Recording Dates
TRSN - Internet Radio Station Name
TRSO - Internet Radio Station Owner
TSIZ - Size of audio data (bytes)
TSO2 - iTunes Album Artist Sort
TSOA - Album Sort Order key
TSOC - iTunes Composer Sort
TSOP - Perfomer Sort Order key
TSOT - Title Sort Order key
TSRC - International Standard Recording Code (ISRC)
TSSE - Encoder settings
TSST - Set Subtitle
TYER - Year of recording
TXXX - User-defined text data.

    TXXX frames have a 'desc' attribute which is set to any Unicode
    value (though the encoding of the text and the description must be
    the same). Many taggers use this frame to store freeform keys.
    
WCOM - Commercial Information
WCOP - Copyright Information
WFED - iTunes Podcast Feed
WOAF - Official File Information
WOAR - Official Artist/Performer Information
WOAS - Official Source Information
WORS - Official Internet Radio Information
WPAY - Payment Information
WPUB - Official Publisher Information
WXXX - User-defined URL data.

    Like TXXX, this has a freeform description associated with it.
    
TIPL - Involved People List
TMCL - Musicians Credits List
IPLS - Involved People List
MCDI - Binary dump of CD's TOC
ETCO - Event timing codes.
MLLT - MPEG location lookup table.

    This frame's attributes may be changed in the future based on
    feedback from real-world use.
    
SYTC - Synchronised tempo codes.

    This frame's attributes may be changed in the future based on
    feedback from real-world use.
    
USLT - Unsynchronised lyrics/text transcription.

    Lyrics have a three letter ISO language code ('lang'), a
    description ('desc'), and a block of plain text ('text').
    
SYLT - Synchronised lyrics/text.
COMM - User comment.

    User comment frames have a descrption, like TXXX, and also a three
    letter ISO language code in the 'lang' attribute.
    
RVA2 - Relative volume adjustment (2).

    This frame is used to implemented volume scaling, and in
    particular, normalization using ReplayGain.

    Attributes:

    * desc -- description or context of this adjustment
    * channel -- audio channel to adjust (master is 1)
    * gain -- a + or - dB gain relative to some reference level
    * peak -- peak of the audio as a floating point number, [0, 1]

    When storing ReplayGain tags, use descriptions of 'album' and
    'track' on channel 1.
    
EQU2 - Equalisation (2).

    Attributes:
    method -- interpolation method (0 = band, 1 = linear)
    desc -- identifying description
    adjustments -- list of (frequency, vol_adjustment) pairs
    
RVAD - Relative volume adjustment
RVRB - Reverb.
APIC - Attached (or linked) Picture.

    Attributes:

    * encoding -- text encoding for the description
    * mime -- a MIME type (e.g. image/jpeg) or '-->' if the data is a URI
    * type -- the source of the image (3 is the album front cover)
    * desc -- a text description of the image
    * data -- raw image data, as a byte string

    Mutagen will automatically compress large images when saving tags.
    
PCNT - Play counter.

    The 'count' attribute contains the (recorded) number of times this
    file has been played.

    This frame is basically obsoleted by POPM.
    
PCST - iTunes Podcast Flag
POPM - Popularimeter.

    This frame keys a rating (out of 255) and a play count to an email
    address.

    Attributes:

    * email -- email this POPM frame is for
    * rating -- rating from 0 to 255
    * count -- number of times the files has been played (optional)
    
GEOB - General Encapsulated Object.

    A blob of binary data, that is not a picture (those go in APIC).

    Attributes:

    * encoding -- encoding of the description
    * mime -- MIME type of the data or '-->' if the data is a URI
    * filename -- suggested filename if extracted
    * desc -- text description of the data
    * data -- raw data, as a byte string
    
RBUF - Recommended buffer size.

    Attributes:

    * size -- recommended buffer size in bytes
    * info -- if ID3 tags may be elsewhere in the file (optional)
    * offset -- the location of the next ID3 tag, if any

    Mutagen will not find the next tag itself.
    
AENC - Audio encryption.

    Attributes:

    * owner -- key identifying this encryption type
    * preview_start -- unencrypted data block offset
    * preview_length -- number of unencrypted blocks
    * data -- data required for decryption (optional)

    Mutagen cannot decrypt files.
    
LINK - Linked information.

    Attributes:

    * frameid -- the ID of the linked frame
    * url -- the location of the linked frame
    * data -- further ID information for the frame
    
POSS - Position synchronisation frame

    Attribute:

    * format -- format of the position attribute (frames or milliseconds)
    * position -- current position of the file
    
UFID - Unique file identifier.

    Attributes:

    * owner -- format/type of identifier
    * data -- identifier
    
USER - Terms of use.

    Attributes:

    * encoding -- text encoding
    * lang -- ISO three letter language code
    * text -- licensing terms for the audio
    
OWNE - Ownership frame.
COMR - Commercial frame.
ENCR - Encryption method registration.

    The standard does not allow multiple ENCR frames with the same owner
    or the same method. Mutagen only verifies that the owner is unique.
    
GRID - Group identification registration.
PRIV - Private frame.
SIGN - Signature frame.
SEEK - Seek frame.

    Mutagen does not find tags at seek offsets.
    
ASPI - Audio seek point index.

    Attributes: S, L, N, b, and Fi. For the meaning of these, see
    the ID3v2.4 specification. Fi is a list of integers.
    
